person/benjamin-greene.md, before:

---
layout: person
person_name: Benjamin Greene
permalink: /person/benjamin-greene
born: about 1665
born_ref1: "1"
birthplace: North Kingstown, Washington County, Rhode Island
birthplace_ref1: "1"
mother: possibly Joan
mother_ref1: "1"
father: possibly John Greene
father_ref1: "1"
father_ref2: "1"
wife: Humility Coggeshall
wife_ref1: "1"
married: about 1687
married_ref1: "1"
marriage_place: Unknown
marriage_place_ref1: "1"
descendant: John "White Hat" Greene
descendant_ref1: "1"
death: Winter of 1718-19
death_ref1: "1"
death_place: East Greenwich, Kent County, Rhode Island
death_place_ref1: "1"
burial_place: Unknown
burial_place_ref1: "1"
---
The only evidence of Benjamin's existence I have found so far is from _Descendants of Joseph Greene of Westerly, R.I._. I am still looking for corroborating records although it appears there is a will somewhere. As his parentage is disputed even within this book, listing John and Joan Greene as part of the lineage is so far, ill advised.

From _Descendants of Joseph Greene of Westerly, R.I._,
   > "His name appears in the freeman's list of North Kingstown in 1696. In 1698-1703 he was deputy to the General Assembly; 1701-1704 member of the Town Council; 1702 ratemaker; 1703, appointed to lay out highways. March 26, 1705, he sold land in Kingstown and soon removed to East Greenwich . . ." <sup>[1](#1)</sup>

#### References

<a id="1">1. </a> Greene, F. L. (1894). _Descendants of Joseph Greene of Westerly, R.I: Also other branches of the Greenes of Quidnesset, or Kingston, R.I., and other lines of Greenes in America_. Albany, N.Y: Joel Munsell's Sons.
* Benjamin Greene - [pg. 11](https://archive.org/details/descendantsofjos00gree/page/10)
* John Greene - [pg. 14](https://archive.org/details/descendantsofjos00gree/page/14)

Commit message:

Add reference to benjamin-greene.md
Found The Genealogical Dictionary of Rhode Island

person/benjamin-greene.md, after:

---
layout: person
person_name: Benjamin Greene
permalink: /person/benjamin-greene
born: about 1665
born_ref1: "1"
birthplace: North Kingstown, Washington County, Rhode Island
birthplace_ref1: "1"
mother: Joan ????
mother_ref1: "1"
mother_ref2: "2"
father: John Greene
father_ref1: "1"
father_ref2: "2"
wife: Humility Coggeshall
wife_ref1: "1"
wife_ref2: "2"
married: about 1687
married_ref1: "1"
marriage_place: Unknown
marriage_place_ref1: "1"
descendant: John "White Hat" Greene
descendant_ref1: "1"
descendant_ref2: "2"
death: Winter of 1718-19
death_ref1: "1"
death_ref2: "2"
death_place: East Greenwich, Kent County, Rhode Island
death_place_ref1: "1"
death_place_ref2: "2"
burial_place: Unknown
burial_place_ref1: "1"
---
The only evidence of Benjamin's existence I have found so far is in compilations of lineages. I am still looking for corroborating records, as there seems to be a few as his public service is well documented. The main record I would like to get access to is the will that gives evidence of his wife's identity and his children. At least this has been trasncribed in part <sup>[2](#2)</sup>. Until such records are digitized or I can travel to see physical copies, I will have to make do with this.

From _The Genealogical Dictionary of Rhode Island_,
  > "Exs. wife Humility and Captain Benjamin Nichols, of Kings Town, and if latter die, then Joshua Coggeshall to succeed him. To wife, all household goods and moveables. To son John, farm he lives on." <sup>[2](#2)</sup>

As his parentage is disputed in _Descendants of Joseph Greene of Westerly, R.I_, I have been hesitant in listing John and Joan Greene as part of this lineage so far. However, _The Genealogical Dictionary of Rhode Island_ seems rather unambigous about Benjamin's lineage, giving me some hope in the connection being possible.

From _Descendants of Joseph Greene of Westerly, R.I._,
   > "His name appears in the freeman's list of North Kingstown in 1696. In 1698-1703 he was deputy to the General Assembly; 1701-1704 member of the Town Council; 1702 ratemaker; 1703, appointed to lay out highways. March 26, 1705, he sold land in Kingstown and soon removed to East Greenwich . . ." <sup>[1](#1)</sup>
   
_The Genealogical Dictionary of Rhode Island_ <sup>[2](#2)</sup> also cites the will, with a much more firm 

#### References

<a id="1">1. </a> Greene, F. L. (1894). _Descendants of Joseph Greene of Westerly, R.I: Also other branches of the Greenes of Quidnesset, or Kingston, R.I., and other lines of Greenes in America_. Albany, N.Y: Joel Munsell's Sons.
* Benjamin Greene - [pg. 11](https://archive.org/details/descendantsofjos00gree/page/10)
* John Greene - [pg. 14](https://archive.org/details/descendantsofjos00gree/page/14)

<a id="2">2. </a> Austin, J. O., & Moriarty, G. A. (1969). _The genealogical dictionary of Rhode Island: Comprising three generations of settlers who came before 1690, with many families carried to the fourth generation._ Baltimore: Genealogical Pub. Co.
* GREENE (John, of Kings Town) pg. 86-87
* scanned version at [archive.org](https://archive.org/details/genealogicaldict00aust)
