landgren/person/nils-landgren.md, before:

---
layout: person
person_name: Nils Peter Landgren
permalink: /landgren/person/nils-landgren
born: December 7, 1881
born_ref1: "1"
birthplace: Torupshus, Bara, Malmöhus (Skåne), Sverige (Sweden)
birthplace_ref1: "1"
mother: Johanna Ljungberg
mother_ref1: "1"
father: Lars Landgren
father_ref1: "1"
wife: Emma Sandqvist
wife_ref1: "3"
wife_ref2: "6"
wife_ref3: "7"
wife_ref4: "9"
married: May 1, 1907
married_ref1: "3"
marriage_place: Tullstorp 4, Södra Sallerup, Malmöhus (Skåne), Sverige (Sweden)
marriage_place_ref1: "3"
descendant: Erick Landgren
descendant_ref1: "6"
death: March 18, 1956
death_ref1: "10"
death_place: Rockford, Winnebago County, Illinois
death_place_ref1: "10"
burial_place: Unknown
burial_ref1: "?"
references: "nils-landgren-ref.html"
---

On October 28th, 1901, Nils Landgren left his home and mother to live in Umeå Stad, in the county of Västerbotten <sup>[11A](11A)</sup>. His mother, Johanna Ljungberg, died less than a year later on the 13th of June, 1902 <sup>[11A](11A)</sup>. He was not yet conscripted into the army as the age of conscription at this time was 21, and he is only 21 when he left Torupshus. There is no record in the "Värnpligtsförhållanden" column or conscription record column <sup>[11A](11A)</sup>.

He lived in Umeå Stad until November 1904, when he moved to Tullstorp #7, in the parish of Södra Sallerup of Malmöhus County. His sister and her husband's family were living there as well and their family is recorded just above Nils' entry. He now has a number in the värnpligtsförhållanden columun: "364 69/1904." His number in the enrollment area "69" is 364, and he was conscripted in the year 1904. The enrollment area number 69 corresponded to Umeå in the period of 1902-1918 in the county of Västerbottens, which matches up with where he was living from 1901 to 1904. During the years of 1902-1907, draftees underwent 172 days of training with 112 days of basic training and three 30 day refresher courses <sup>[12](12)</sup>.

https://sok.riksarkivet.se/amnesomrade?postid=Arkis+e400c535-6fe3-412c-98bf-77fd5104e87f&infosida=amnesomrade-militaria&flik=1&s=Balder


### Immigration Records
**Last Premanent Residence:** S. Sallerup, Sweden <sup>([4](#4))</sup>

**Nearest Relative or Friend in Country Whence Alien Came**:

**Departure Date:** January 27, 1914 <sup>([5](#5))</sup>

**Port of Departure 01:** Malmö, Malmöhus (Skåne), Sverige (Sweden) <sup>([5](#5))</sup>

**Ship Name 01:** Öresundsångare <sup>([5](#5))</sup>

**Port of Departure 02:** Liverpool, England <sup>([4](#4))</sup>

**Ship Name 02:** Lusitania <sup>([4](#4))</sup>

**Arrival Date:** February 6, 1914 <sup>([4](#4))</sup>

**Port of Arrival 02:** New York, New York <sup>([4](#4))</sup>

**Final Destination:** Winnebago County, Illinois <sup>([4](#4), [5](#5))</sup>

Commit message:

Update household narrative nils-landgren.md

landgren/person/nils-landgren.md, after:

---
layout: person
person_name: Nils Peter Landgren
permalink: /landgren/person/nils-landgren
born: December 7, 1881
born_ref1: "1"
birthplace: Torupshus, Bara, Malmöhus (Skåne), Sverige (Sweden)
birthplace_ref1: "1"
mother: Johanna Ljungberg
mother_ref1: "1"
father: Lars Landgren
father_ref1: "1"
wife: Emma Sandqvist
wife_ref1: "3"
wife_ref2: "6"
wife_ref3: "7"
wife_ref4: "9"
married: May 1, 1907
married_ref1: "3"
marriage_place: Tullstorp 4, Södra Sallerup, Malmöhus (Skåne), Sverige (Sweden)
marriage_place_ref1: "3"
descendant: Erick Landgren
descendant_ref1: "6"
death: March 18, 1956
death_ref1: "10"
death_place: Rockford, Winnebago County, Illinois
death_place_ref1: "10"
burial_place: Unknown
burial_ref1: "?"
references: "nils-landgren-ref.html"
---

On October 28th, 1901, Nils Landgren left his home and mother to live in Umeå Stad, in the county of Västerbotten <sup>([11A](11A))</sup>. His mother, Johanna Ljungberg, died less than a year later on the 13th of June, 1902 <sup>([11A](11A))</sup>. He was not yet conscripted into the army as the age of conscription at this time was 21, and he is only 21 when he left Torupshus. There is no record in the "Värnpligtsförhållanden" column or conscription record column <sup>([11A](11A))</sup>.

He lived in Umeå Stad until November 1904, when he moved to Tullstorp #7, in the parish of Södra Sallerup of Malmöhus County. His sister and her husband's family were living there as well and their family is recorded just above Nils' entry. He now has a number in the värnpligtsförhållanden columun: "364 69/1904." His number in the enrollment area "69" is 364, and he was conscripted in the year 1904. The enrollment area number 69 corresponded to Umeå in the period of 1902-1918 in the county of Västerbottens. This matches where he was living from 1901 to 1904. During the years of 1902-1907, draftees underwent 172 days of training with 112 days of basic training and three 30 day refresher courses <sup>([12](12))</sup>. Further information on the particular regiment he served in is unavailable at this time, most likely found through his draft card. This is located behind a paywall at Arkiv Digital, as well as in Sweden at their national archives <sup>([12](12))</sup>.

Both he and his sister's family moved to Burlöv parish on the 14th of April, 1905 <sup>([11B](11B))</sup> and arrived in Sunnanå #7 farm/village in Burlöv parish on the 26th of that month <sup>([11C](11C))</sup>. From here he separated from the family in April 1907 and moved back to Södra Sallerup parish while they headed to Bara parish <sup>([11C](11C))</sup>. Back in Södra Sallerup parish, his occupation is listed as a former volunteer and worker (f.d. Volontair Arbetare). This may be reference to his time as a draftee, and his status as an unskilled laborer, but as I am not fluent in 1900s Swedish, I am not sure.

On the same page as Nils is listed, Emma's family and her previous entry as Jons Sandqvist's and Anna Nilsdotter's daughter can be seen. In contrast with Nils Landgren's occupation of "f.d. volontair," Jons' occupation is listed as "f.d. Soldat." I'm not sure what the difference is between the two, but there does seem to be a distinction and Jons does not have an enrollment number. They are, however, both recorded as current Arbetares or workers of some sort. There is an unidentifiable word that has been applied to Nils' occupation in other household examination records as well as to Jons on this page. It seems to start with "Krit" but I cannot parse it <sup>([11D](11D))</sup>.

Nils is recorded as having arrived in Tullstorp #4, Södra Sallerup on the 12th of April. Less than a month later he marries Emma Sandqvist on the 1st of May, 1907, as recorded in the Tullstorp #4 household examination record <sup>([11D](11D))</sup> and their marriage record <sup>([3](3))</sup>. The same day as their marriage they are recorded as leaving Södra Sallerup and moving to Limhamn village/farm in the parish of Hyllie <sup>([11D](11D))</sup>.

They arrive in Limhamn seven days after their wedding. Five months later their first child, Anna Paulina Landgren, is born in Limhamn on the 9th of October, 1907 <sup>([11E](11E))</sup>. This, combined with Nils' abrupt appearance in Tullstorp and subsequent marriage, suggests that they married because of Emma's pregnancy. Tullstorp, Södra Sallerup and Sunnanå, Burlöv are not very far apart from each other at all, so their meeting is fairly likely. In contrast to these areas, Limhamn, Hyllie, is much closer to the city center, a likely spot for newly weds to try to make a life.

INSERT PHOTO HERE

Nils is once again recorded as being a former volunteer in the first Limhamn record <sup>([11E](11E))</sup>, and a general worker (.arb) in the second Limhamn record <sup>([11F](11F))</sup>. They moved back to Södra Sallerup #4 on the 8th of February 1910, a little less than a year later on the 14th of January 1911, their son Knut Toge Arnold Landgren was born <sup>([11G](11G))</sup>. In 1911 they moved to Tullstorp #5, Södra Sallerup <sup>([11H](11H))</sup>. Both of these records have Nils' occupation as a word that starts with "Krit" <sup>([11G](11G), [11H](11H))</sup>.

### Immigration Records
**Last Premanent Residence:** S. Sallerup, Sweden <sup>([4](#4))</sup>

**Nearest Relative or Friend in Country Whence Alien Came**:

**Departure Date:** January 27, 1914 <sup>([5](#5))</sup>

**Port of Departure 01:** Malmö, Malmöhus (Skåne), Sverige (Sweden) <sup>([5](#5))</sup>

**Ship Name 01:** Öresundsångare <sup>([5](#5))</sup>

**Port of Departure 02:** Liverpool, England <sup>([4](#4))</sup>

**Ship Name 02:** Lusitania <sup>([4](#4))</sup>

**Arrival Date:** February 6, 1914 <sup>([4](#4))</sup>

**Port of Arrival 02:** New York, New York <sup>([4](#4))</sup>

**Final Destination:** Winnebago County, Illinois <sup>([4](#4), [5](#5))</sup>
