collins/person/frank-collins.md, before:

---
layout: person
family: collins
person_name: Frank Collins
permalink: /collins/person/frank-collins/
born: January 14, 1859
born_ref1: "10"
born_ref2: "11"
birthplace: Rock County, Wisconsin
birthplace_ref1: "1"
mother: Rebecca Green
mother_link: /collins/person/rebecca-green
mother_ref1: "1"
mother_ref2: "2"
mother_ref3: "10"
mother_ref4: "11"
father: Milo Collins
father_link: /collins/person/milo-collins
father_ref1: "1"
father_ref2: "2"
father_ref3: "10"
father_ref4: "11"
wife: Paulina Juhnke
wife_link: /collins/person/paulina-juhnke
wife_ref1: "3"
wife_ref2: "4"
wife_ref3: "5"
wife_ref4: "6"
wife_ref5: "8"
wife_ref6: "10"
wife_ref7: "11"
descendant: Robert Collins
descendant_link: /collins/person/robert-collins
descendant_ref1: "4"
descendant_ref2: "5"
death: February 15, 1934
death_ref1: "9"
death_ref2: "10"
death_ref3: "11"
death_place: Rockford, Winnebago County, Illinois
death_place_ref1: "9"
death_place_ref2: "10"
death_place_ref3: "11"
burial: February 17, 1934
burial_ref1: "10"
burial_ref2: "11"
burial_place: Willwood Burial Park, Rockford, Winnebago County, Illinois
burial_place_ref1: "10"
burial_place_ref2: "11"
references: frank-collins-ref.html
---
In the 1860 census, Frank Collins was a year old, and he and his parents, [Milo]({{ '/collins/person/milo-collins' | relative_url }}) and [Rebecca Collins]({{ '/collins/person/rebecca-green' | relative_url}}), were living in Fulton, Rock County, Wisconsin <sup>([1](#1))</sup>. By the next census in 1870, the family was living in Milton, Rock County, Wisconsin <sup>([2](#2))</sup>.

By the 1880 census, Frank had married [Paulina Juhnke]({{ '/collins/person/paulina-juhnke' | relative_url }}), and the two lived with her parents in Newton, Marquette County, Wisconsin <sup>([3](#3))</sup>. By the 1900 census, the two had moved out of Paulina's parent's house and made a home at 8 Fulton Street, Edgerton, Rock County, Wisconsin. Frank worked as a day laborer during this time <sup>([4](#4))</sup>.

By the 1910 census, Frank's family had moved to Rockford where they are recorded as living at North First Street, Rockford, Illinois, and Frank was working as a mason and chimney builder <sup>([5](#5))</sup>. In the 1920 census, Paulina and Frank are recorded as living at Pearl Avenue, Rockford, Illinois with their son George, and Frank had since become a proprietor of a restaurant <sup>([6](#6))</sup>.

According to the 1930 census, Paulina and Frank Collins lived alone at 88 Long Island, Rockford, Illinois, a house which they owned <sup>([8](#8))</sup>. Four years later, Frank died on the 15th of February, 1934. He was buried two days later at Willwood Cemetery, Winnebago County, Illinois <sup>([10](#10), [11](#11))</sup>. He is listed in the death index as a retired mason, with his last residence as Island #9, Rockford Township <sup>([10](#10))</sup>.

Commit message:

Add Robert Collins to frank-collins.md

collins/person/frank-collins.md, after:

---
layout: person
family: collins
person_name: Frank Collins
permalink: /collins/person/frank-collins/
born: January 14, 1859
born_ref1: "10"
born_ref2: "11"
birthplace: Rock County, Wisconsin
birthplace_ref1: "1"
mother: Rebecca Green
mother_link: /collins/person/rebecca-green
mother_ref1: "1"
mother_ref2: "2"
mother_ref3: "10"
mother_ref4: "11"
father: Milo Collins
father_link: /collins/person/milo-collins
father_ref1: "1"
father_ref2: "2"
father_ref3: "10"
father_ref4: "11"
wife: Paulina Juhnke
wife_link: /collins/person/paulina-juhnke
wife_ref1: "3"
wife_ref2: "4"
wife_ref3: "5"
wife_ref4: "6"
wife_ref5: "8"
wife_ref6: "10"
wife_ref7: "11"
descendant: Robert Collins
descendant_link: /collins/person/robert-collins
descendant_ref1: "4"
descendant_ref2: "5"
death: February 15, 1934
death_ref1: "9"
death_ref2: "10"
death_ref3: "11"
death_place: Rockford, Winnebago County, Illinois
death_place_ref1: "9"
death_place_ref2: "10"
death_place_ref3: "11"
burial: February 17, 1934
burial_ref1: "10"
burial_ref2: "11"
burial_place: Willwood Burial Park, Rockford, Winnebago County, Illinois
burial_place_ref1: "10"
burial_place_ref2: "11"
references: frank-collins-ref.html
---
In the 1860 census, Frank Collins was a year old, and he and his parents, [Milo]({{ '/collins/person/milo-collins' | relative_url }}) and [Rebecca Collins]({{ '/collins/person/rebecca-green' | relative_url}}), were living in Fulton, Rock County, Wisconsin <sup>([1](#1))</sup>. By the next census in 1870, the family was living in Milton, Rock County, Wisconsin <sup>([2](#2))</sup>.

By the 1880 census, Frank had married [Paulina Juhnke]({{ '/collins/person/paulina-juhnke' | relative_url }}), and the two lived with her parents in Newton, Marquette County, Wisconsin <sup>([3](#3))</sup>. By the time they had their son, [Robert Collins]({{ '/collins/person/robert-collins' | relative_url }}), on September 6, 1885, the couple had moved out of Paulina's parents' house to Milton, Wisconsin. Five years later, according to the 1900 census, the family had made a home at 8 Fulton Street, Edgerton, Rock County, Wisconsin. Frank worked as a day laborer during this time <sup>([4](#4))</sup>.

By the 1910 census, Frank's family had moved to Rockford where they are recorded as living at North First Street, Rockford, Illinois, and Frank was working as a mason and chimney builder <sup>([5](#5))</sup>. In the 1920 census, Paulina and Frank are recorded as living at Pearl Avenue, Rockford, Illinois with their son George, and Frank had since become a proprietor of a restaurant <sup>([6](#6))</sup>.

According to the 1930 census, Paulina and Frank Collins lived alone at 88 Long Island, Rockford, Illinois, a house which they owned <sup>([8](#8))</sup>. Four years later, Frank died on the 15th of February, 1934. He was buried two days later at Willwood Cemetery, Winnebago County, Illinois <sup>([10](#10), [11](#11))</sup>. He is listed in the death index as a retired mason, with his last residence as Island #9, Rockford Township <sup>([10](#10))</sup>.
